ENH - Update README (#570)
Quansight/Quansight-website: README.md

      button, Storyblok will make a request to Vercel to start a preview
      deployment.

>    3. Look for deployment notifications in Slack. Vercel will send a message to

Reviewer: I had to do a little digging. 

For the Labs Storyblok space, the published event is connected to a webhook on Vercel that deploys the GitHub `develop` branch. But for the Consulting Storyblok space, that same field is blank. (Oddly, the "workflow changed" event is connected to a webhook that no longer exists in the Consulting Vercel project, so I deleted it.)

Do you remember why we turned this off for the Consulting Storyblok space?

>    3. Look for deployment notifications in Slack. Vercel will send a message to

Reviewer 2: We specifically disabled that webhook for Consulting. When we're editing existing pages on Consulting, we do ***not*** want to have to Publish something in order to kick off a preview build:

- We do *not* want to Publish the thing we're working on and want to create a preview build for, because by definition it's still not ready to go live. *And*, we have no easy way of reverting the Published version to what it was before.
- It is clunky and non-intuitive to have to go to some other piece of content in Storyblok and Publish _that_, in order to get a preview build.

It's much more intuitive to have a Task named "trigger preview build".

>    3. Look for deployment notifications in Slack. Vercel will send a message to

Reviewer 2: And yeah, that "workflow changed" hook should have been deleted. That was left over from the workflow from before your overhaul.

      the `#website-vercel-bot-log` channel containing a link to the preview URL.
   4. Visit the Vercel preview URL to review and double-check your changes.
3. **Going live**
   1. When you want your changes to go to the live production site, coordinate
      with the dev team to open a merge pull request to the `main` branch on
      GitHub.
   2. When the Vercel GitHub app comments on the merge PR with a preview URL,
      visit that preview URL to check your changes. (You should also be able to
      get the Vercel preview URL from the Slack channel.)
   3. If it all looks good, coordinate with the dev team to merge the PR to the
      `main` branch.
   4. Once that PR is merged to `main`, wait for the production build to finish

>       deploying (check our [internal Slack channel][slack-channel] for notifications), then check your changes

Author: We can add the name - re people on Slack connect, I think it is not a major problem, we can always add them if they hit that wall

only Published content from Storyblok.

Everything has been configured so that you shouldn't have to think about this
too much, but just in case you find yourself confused, hopefully, this section
will help clear things up.

## Integrations 🛠

> Making changes to the website relies on the ability of several services to interact with each other. This section is for developers and covers each service one by one and how it integrates with some other services.

Reviewer 2: First of several of what appear to be reflow glitches.

```suggestion
Making changes to the website relies on the ability of several services
to interact with each other. This section is for developers and covers each service
one by one and how it integrates with some other services.
```

### Storyblok

Each website has its own "space" in Storyblok and configuration.

> So each website has a unique pair of API keys: preview and public. The preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means each website has a unique pair of API keys: preview and public. The preview
```

editor automatically passes cache-busting query string parameters (as in
`?_storyblok=<timestamp>`) to the preview URL, so it should be okay to use a
constant URL base, such as
`quansight-consulting-git-develop-quansight.vercel.app`, rather than the always
changing SHA-based Vercel preview URLs
(`quansight-consulting-<SHA>-quansight.vercel.app`).

There is a fair amount of code in the codebase that integrates with Storyblok.
For example, there is a bridge that syncs the site with changes coming from the
Storyblok editor.

Some middleware checks if the HTTP referrer is
<https://app.storyblok.com/>. In that case, the code assumes that the end user
is coming to the site from within the Storyblok iframe. So it puts the user in
Next.js preview mode. When the user is in preview mode, the website shows a
yellow banner at the top of the page, letting the user know that they are seeing
draft content on the site.

### Vercel

> Each website corresponds to a separate project in Vercel, `quansight-consulting`, and `quansight-labs`, respectively. However, because both projects are mapped to

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
Each website corresponds to a separate project in Vercel, `quansight-consulting`,
and `quansight-labs`, respectively. However, because both projects are mapped to
```

Next.js framework dynamically renders each page; otherwise, it serves a static,
pre-rendered page (except when doing local development, and then it always
dynamically renders each page).

The code in this repo takes advantage of the Next.js preview mode to integrate
better with Storyblok and Vercel. When the code detects preview mode, it defaults to passing
`{"version": "draft"}` to the Storyblok API to preview content that has
been saved but not yet published -- in other words, `draft` content.

There is also code that detects when the request comes from a Storyblok iframe.
In this case, the code forces the browser to automatically enter into Next.js
preview mode.

**To help the end user distinguish which view of the site they are seeing, the
codebase defines a visual banner at the top of each page.** When the site is in
preview mode, the banner turns yellow and displays a message telling the user
that they can see draft content. When the site is not in preview mode, the
banner turns gray and tells the user that they can see published content. The
banner provides a clickable link to switch in and out of Next.js preview mode.

> This switch is turned off when the user is viewing the page via the Storyblok UI because when they are working within Storyblok, they should always see the site in Next.js preview

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
This switch is turned off when the user is viewing the page via the Storyblok UI because when
they are working within Storyblok, they should always see the site in Next.js preview
```

the site was built from (when that environment variable is available at build
time).

## Ways to view the site at different stages
## Ways to view the site at different stages 🔍

Throughout the develop-deploy process there are a number of ways to view the
Throughout the develop-deploy process, there are several ways to view the
website. The following table summarizes the important ways in which those views
differ from each other.

| Name                       | How to access          | GitHub branch | Vercel env | Storyblok API key | Next.js preview? | Storyblok version param | Display top banner? | Top banner color | Button to enter/exit preview? |
| -------------------------- | ---------------------- | ------------- | ---------- | ----------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------- | ------------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Production                 | .com/.org URL          | `main`        | production | public            | off              | `published`             | No                  | n/a              | n/a                           |

> | Storyblok (yellow banner)  | via Storyblok UI       | `develop`     | preview    | preview           | on               | `draft`                 | Yes                 | yellow           | No                            |

Reviewer 2: @trallard I think the breakage to this table needs to be fixed before this PR is merged, but otherwise yes, this PR is good to go. Agreed, the workflow updates should be in new PR(s).

> | Storyblok (yellow banner)  | via Storyblok UI       | `develop`     | preview    | preview           | on               | `draft`                 | Yes                 | yellow           | No                            |

Reviewer 2: Working on the fix now.

posted to the pull request. If it's not clear from the pull request title or
code which website the PR affects, the author should clarify in the PR
description. Ideally, the PR author should add one or both of the (`Labs`,
`Consulting`) GitHub labels, as appropriate, to mark the site(s) that the changes
are meant to affect.

Code in the `main` branch should only be used by the production Vercel
environment, and it should show only published content from Storyblok. While it may be tempting
to want to see draft content against the `main` branch code, it creates the
potential for confusion, and it is better not to allow it.
For example, if someone takes a screenshot of a
webpage, and in the screenshot, you can see in the browser address bar that the
URL is on the live production site (such as quansight.com), then there is no doubt
that you're seeing content that was **published** in
Storyblok at the time the `main` branch was deployed to production. The other
reason for this discipline is that it's better to limit reviewers and content

> editors to previewing draft content against the `develop` branch to help catch any potential code/content conflicts before merging to `main`.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
editors to previewing draft content against the `develop` branch to help catch
any potential code/content conflicts before merging to `main`.
```

interface; then the website should always be in "draft" mode, showing saved (but
not published) content. And as mentioned previously, it should show this content
against the latest code from the `develop` branch (not the `main` branch).
Related: The content team shouldn't have to think about which URL to use with
the Storyblok editor. It should be only one default URL, and this URL should
show draft content against the latest code in `develop`.

Hitting the publish button in Storyblok should not push that content to the

> public-facing site; rather, it should queue up the content for the next production deployment. This prevents bypassing any GitHub workflows that have been

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
public-facing site; rather, it should queue up the content for the next production deployment.
This prevents bypassing any GitHub workflows that have been
```

All production deploys should happen via commits or merges to the `main` branch.
Vercel is opinionated about this. We should follow the conventions and opinions
of the systems we integrate. If there is a content change that needs to bypass
code changes in the `develop` branch, a pull request can be made to
update a log file. That single commit can then be merged into the `main` branch
to kick off a deployment. This is a hotfix for content. A hotfix for code can be
done similarly.

## Running the website locally 🖥

Prerequisites:

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)

To run the website locally on your machine, you must first clone this git
repo, `cd` into the repo, then run `npm install`.

This repo contains two projects (websites): Consulting and Labs. You must create
a `.env` file for each project that you want to develop locally. For example,
for Quansight Consulting, you will need to create `apps/consulting/.env`.
You can do this by copying the example environment file:

```bash
cp apps/consulting/.env.example apps/consulting/.env
```

Run `npm run start:consulting` or `npm run start:labs` to start a corresponding

> dev server. Navigate to <http://localhost:4200/> or use localhost to preview in the Storyblok panel. On the localhost, the app will automatically reload if you

Reviewer 2: Reflow, add code formatting to `localhost`

```suggestion
dev server. Navigate to <http://localhost:4200/> or use `localhost` to preview
in the Storyblok panel. On the local host, the app will automatically reload if you
```

updated, you should re-run `npm install` (or `npm ci`), so that your local
environment's dependencies will match the production environment.

## Adding new components 🧩

1. Create the component with its schema in Storyblok components.
2. Create the React component. The components are located in
   `/apps/consulting/components` (Consulting components), `/apps/labs/components` (labs

>    components), or `/libs/shared/ui-components/src` (shared components). The name of the Storyblok component should be the same as the name of the React

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
   components), or `/libs/shared/ui-components/src` (shared components).
   The name of the Storyblok component should be the same as the name of the React
```

   component.
3. (Only if you're adding a shared component) Add a component and `types imports`
   in the `/libs/shared/ui-components/src/index.ts` file to make it available in the
   apps.
4. Add Storyblok raw data types to the `/apps/.../types/storyblok` folder.
5. Import these raw data types to the `/apps/.../types/storyblok/rawBlok.ts` file
   and add them to the collective `TRawBlock` type.
6. Add Storyblok props mapper to `/apps/.../components/BlokProvider/mappers`
   folder.
7. Import this props mapper to
   `/apps/.../components/BlockProvider/utils/getPropsByType.ts` file and add the
   case to the switch statement.
8. Import the Next component to the

>    `/apps/.../components/BlockProvider/componentsMap.ts` file and add it to the `componentsMap` variable.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
   `/apps/.../components/BlockProvider/componentsMap.ts` file and add it to the
   `componentsMap` variable.
```

`/blog` page so after adding a new category, it will also be visible on that
page.

For more details about `.mdx` please see:

- <https://mdxjs.com/>
- <https://github.com/hashicorp/next-mdx-remote>

### Structure of the blog post

Every post is structured with two main sections: `meta` and `content`.
The `content` section is the body of the post added in Markdown format.
The `meta` section is a `YAML` like structure and should be wrapped with `---`
signs. The meta section contains post-related information like:

- `title` - Title of the blog post. Used also as the title of the page inside
  `<title></title>` tag
- `description` - Description of the blog post. Used inside `<meta name="description" />` tag
- `published` - Publishing date of the blog post. Used also for sorting posts by
  date (the format should be `Month d, yyyy` for example `January 1, 2023`)
- `author` - Unique slug of the author (from Storyblok) usually looks like `jon-doe`. Based on this property blog post page will display proper info about the author (and their avatar).
- `category` - Array of categories for example `[Machine Learning]`. All

>   categories should be the same as in the previously mentioned [`categories.json`](./apps/labs/posts/categories.json) file. **Important note:** categories are case-sensitive.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
  categories should be the same as in the previously mentioned
  [`categories.json`](./apps/labs/posts/categories.json) file.
  **Important note:** categories are case-sensitive.
```

- `featuredImage` - Object with properties: `src` and `alt`. The `src` property
  is a path to the featured image which is displayed on the posts list on the`/blog`
  page. The `alt` property is alternative text for the image. The image should

>   be added to the `apps/labs/public/posts/<post-name>` directory, for example, `apps/labs/public/posts/hello-world-post`. There is no need to provide a full image path, so the path name should start with `/posts/`.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
  be added to the `apps/labs/public/posts/<post-name>` directory, for example,
  `apps/labs/public/posts/hello-world-post`. There is no need to provide a full image path,
  so the path name should start with `/posts/`.
```

- `hero` - the object for the Hero section of the post. This can have two different structures:

>   - And object with `imageSrc` and `imageAlt`. The `imageSrc` property is a path to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The first structure is an object with `imageSrc` and `imageAlt`. The `imageSrc` property is a path to
```

>     the hero image which is displayed on the blog post page between the nav bar and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    the hero image, which is displayed on the blog post page between the nav bar and the
```

    blog heading title. The `imageAlt` property is alternative text for the image.
    The image should be added to the `apps/labs/public/posts/<post-name>`
    directory, for example, `apps/labs/public/posts/hello-world-post`.

>   - The second structure is an object with properties: `imageMobile`,`imageTablet`, and `imageDesktop`. All properties also contain `imageSrc`and`imageAlt` properties. There is no need to provide a full image path, so the path name should start with`/posts/`.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
  - The second structure is an object with properties: `imageMobile`,`imageTablet`,
    and `imageDesktop`. Each of these properties also contain `imageSrc` and `imageAlt` properties.
  - For both of these structures, there is no need to provide full image paths,
    so the path names should start with`/posts/`.
```

  imageAlt: 'Excellent alt-text describing the hero image'
```

### Adding a new blog post 📝

> 1. Create a new feature branch. Example `feature/new-hello-world-post`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a new feature branch. Example: `feature/new-hello-world-post`.
```

2. Add post feature and hero images to `apps/labs/public/posts/<post-name>`.

> 3. Add a new `.md|.mdx` file inside the `app/labs/posts` directory. Make sure to read the [Structure of the blog post section](#structure-of-the-blog-post) in this file to ensure that the post is properly structured.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
3. Add a new `.md|.mdx` file inside the `app/labs/posts` directory. Make sure to read the
   [Structure of the blog post section](#structure-of-the-blog-post) in this file to ensure
   that the post is properly structured.
```

4. Commit and push your changes to the repository. For commits please follow the format of the conventional commit.
   [See](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
5. Create a pull request to the `develop` branch. Make sure to add the `type: content 📝` and `labs 🔭` labels to the PR.
6. Wait for someone in the website team to review the new blog post. If everything is ok, the PR will be merged to the `develop` branch.

### Adding a new blog category

1. Create a new feature branch.
2. Ope the `apps/labs/posts/categories.json` file.
3. Add a new category to the array. Make sure to follow the same format as the other categories.
4. Commit and push your changes to the repository. For commits please follow the format of the conventional commit.
   [See](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
5. Wait for someone in the website team to review the new blog post. If everything is ok, the PR will be merged to the `develop` branch.

### Adding new components for usage inside `.mdx` posts

1. Open `apps/labs/services/blogAllowedComponents.ts` file
2. Import the component from the codebase
3. Add a new component to `blogAllowedComponents` object.

> ### Specifications for Hero images

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Specifications for Hero Images in Storyblok
```

> There are two options to add images to Hero component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two options to add images to the Hero component in Storyblok,
for non-blog pages of both the Consulting and Labs sites.
```

> 1. The first one is to add the image in the `General` tab of the Hero component - the image will be used for all screen sizes.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
1. The first one is to add the image in the `General` tab of the Hero component -
   this image will be used for all screen sizes.
```

> 2. The Second one is to add different images in tabs: Image Mobile, Image Tablet, and Image Desktop. While choosing the second one remember to add all three of them.

Reviewer 2: Reflow

```suggestion
2. The second one is to add different images for the three screen sizes in their
   respective tabs: Image Mobile, Image Tablet, and Image Desktop. When choosing
   this second option, you **MUST** add images for all three screen sizes.
```
